Reword restaurant page instrctions (#27490)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/organizing_your_javascript_code/project_restaurant_page.md

>         - Quick tip: the `node_modules` folder can get *really* big. It is customary to   add a `.gitignore` file to your project so that you don't have to sync the contents of `node_modules` to github. The dependencies that are stored there can be installed from your package.json by running `npm install`, so you don't need to sync them.

Reviewer: as

1. Set up an HTML skeleton inside of `src/index.html`. Inside the body, add a `<header>` element that contains a `<nav>` with buttons (not links!) for different "tabs" (for example buttons for "Home", "Menu" or "About" etc). Below the `<header>`, add a single `<div id="content">`.

1. Inside of `src/index.js` write a console.log or alert statement and then run `npx webpack`. Load up `dist/index.html` in a browser to make sure everything is working correctly.
1. Inside of `src/index.js` write a `console.log` or `alert` statement and then run `npx webpack`. Load up `src/index.html` in a browser to make sure everything is working correctly.

    - Quick tip #2: if you run `npx webpack --watch` you will not have to rerun webpack every time you make a change.

1. Inside `div#content`, create a homepage for your restaurant. You might want to include an image, headline, and some text about how wonderful the restaurant is; you do not have to make this look too fancy. It’s okay to hard-code these into the HTML for now just to see how they look on the page.

> 1. Since we're using the `Html-Webpack-Plugin`, you will need to edit your `src/index.js` file to insert the `div#content` into the body; `Html-Webpack-Plugin` creates a new HTML page which will remove your `src/index.html` file.

Reviewer: ```
1. Now remove everything inside `div#content` from the HTML (so you still have the `<header>` and `<nav>` with an empty `<div id="content">` below it) and instead create them by using JavaScript only, e.g. by appending each new element to `div#content` once the page is first loaded. Since we're all set up to write our code in multiple files, let's write this initial page-load function inside of its own module and then import and call it inside of `index.js`.
```
Could you pop the above line back in here please so we get the original step back?
You can view the [current website's project instructions](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-restaurant-page) to make sure all the instruction steps are included in the right order.

Author: Done

1. Inside `div#content`, create a homepage for your restaurant. You might want to include an image, headline, and some text about how wonderful the restaurant is; you do not have to make this look too fancy. It’s okay to hard-code these into the HTML for now just to see how they look on the page.

> 1. Since we're using the `Html-Webpack-Plugin`, you will need to edit your `src/index.js` file to insert the `div#content` into the body; `Html-Webpack-Plugin` creates a new HTML page which will remove your `src/index.html` file.
>     1. Since we're all set up to write our code in multiple files, let's write this initial page-load function inside of its own module and then import and call it inside of `index.js`.
> 1. At this point, you should remove your `index.html` page as well from your local repo - the HTML page gets automatically crearted by `webpack` whenever it's run, so there's no need for you to even have it set up.

Reviewer: These three lines actually won't be needed anymore. The original wording for this part in the current version of the lesson is sufficient.

```suggestion
1. Now remove everything inside `div#content` from the HTML (so you still have the `<header>` and `<nav>` with an empty `<div id="content">` below it) and instead create them by using JavaScript only, e.g. by appending each new element to `div#content` once the page is first loaded. Since we're all set up to write our code in multiple files, let's write this initial page-load function inside of its own module and then import and call it inside of `index.js`.
```

            - Now each  time you need to update your project's live preview, you `npm run <YourScriptName>` in your project's terminal.
            - To learn more about this, here's a short tutorial video on [Node Package Manager Scripts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REdzp64dijs).

    1. Recall that the **source branch** for GitHub Pages is set in your repository's settings.

> </div>

Reviewer: Could you add the `</div>` back on the last line please then add a single blank line after it?

Author: Done
